[RunUO 2.0 RC1] Bestiary Generator.

RunUO Bestiary Generator
written by arul, latest update: 27.5.07

Summary:
System that generates comprehensive set of web pages containing every single piece of information about mobiles with all theirs stats, skills and properties. Integrated and a lilttle bit enhanced example of this system can be found here.

Installation:
Extract the archive's contents into your RunUO root directory.
You may also need to add Ultima.dll to your ./data/Assemblies.cfg file.
Once your server successfully start, check your /Bestiary/ directory for index.html

Configuration:
There's a data.xml file located in the ./Bestiary/ directory where you can find a list of all mobiles to be indexed. Feel free to add/remove entries to fit your needs.

Known problems:
The major problem is that this system is only able to index types which constructor actually sets mobile's properties. If the properties are set in the base/another constructor or method, then it will not be recognized and the entry will more than likely be blank.

Last updates:
(21.12.2008)
- The forum post has been updated with the latest release! 

(22.1.2008)
- Ultima.dll updated (bin.PeekChar() problem)! 

(28.5.2007)
- Alari's background pack and enhanced data.xml included. Thanks!

(27.5.2007)
- Dispatch method rewritten, now each method has it's own handler.
- Added attribute to support different backgrounds for each mobile, example:

<mobile type="Server.Mobiles.Wisp" name="wisp" background="wtf.jpg" />
( as you may have already guessed, the Wisp image will be generated with the "wtf.jpg" as background ).
- Added support for using custom creature images. Just drop your custom image named after the type of the mobile (i.e. Wisp.jpg) to the /Bestiary/fixes/ directory. Also make sure to allow the custom fixes usage in the data.xml file.

<mobiles useFixes="true">
(by default it's set to false)

(27.5.2007)
- Updated Ultima.dll, fixed the map-diffs bug (thanks Alari)
- Missing type will no longer throw an exception during the reading of XML data file. Instead a warning is displayed.

I'm opened to all bug reports and suggestions, this is likely to be my last contribution to the RunUO community due to the lack of free time, so I hope you all will enjoy it.


Download:

If the forum archive doesn't work, you may download the system from here. 
