[RunUO 2.0 RC1] Console Commands!

Console Commands
Current Version 2.0

NOTE: This will not work on RunUO 1.0

Introduction
Console Commands (CC for short) will allow you to type predetermined commands straight into the console!

Version History:
v1.2 - 2.0
Renaming of some commands, various "Performance Enhancement" fixes; ban, kick, and pages commands added; Fixed speech nul error message. 
v1.1 -1.2
Various "Performance Enhancement" fixes. New command, restart nosave, added.
v1.0 - 1.1
Fixed speech nul crash

Commands

•save Typing this command will save the server.
•shutdown Typing this command will save and shutdown the server.
•shutdown nosave Typing this command will shutdown the server without saving.
•restart Typing this command will save, shutdown the server, then start it.
•restart nosave Typing this command will shutdown the server, and start it.
•online Typing this command will show a list of online players.

Code:
online
- Account: retardedhobo, Name: sss, IP: 127.0.0.1
- Account: retardedhobo1, Name: sdfsdtresres, IP: 127.0.0.1•bc Typing this command along with a message, will broadcast that message to all the players on the server.

Code:
bc hello everyone,im using CC!
Players will see:  hello everyone,im using cc!•sc Typing this command along with a message, will broadcast that message to all the staff on the server.

Code:
sc hello staff, im using cc!
Staff will see: sc hello , im using cc!•hear Typing this command will Enable/Disable everything the players say being shown on the console.

Code:
hear
Now sending all speech to the console.
sss (Yew): the admin can hear me on the console!•pages Typing this command will bring up all pages in queue, and allow you to answer them.

Code:
pages
--------------Page Number: 0 --------------------
Player   :TEstPlayer
Catagory :Other
Message  :Can i have some gold?
Type the number of the page to respond to.
0
Type your response
We do not give out free stuff.
Message Sent...•ban <playername> Typing this command along with the mobile name, will ban and kick that player.

Code:
ban sdfsdtresres
Mobile name: 'sdfsdtresres' Account name: 'retardedhobo1'
Banning complete.•kick <player name> Typing this command along with the mobile name, will kick that player.

Code:
kick sdfsdtresres
Mobile name: 'sdfsdtresres' Account name: 'retardedhobo1'
Kicking complete.•list or help Typing this command will bring up a list of commands much like this one.

Installation
Drop 'n Go!

I accept all versions of input regarding this script!  
Attached Files:
CC2.0.cs
File size:13.9 KBViews:1,016BeneathTheStars, Jul 12, 2006 Report #1 Like Reply Felladrin likes this. .BeneathTheStars 
Wanderer
 These two scripts are optional, and can be ran without having Console Commands in place.
Optional Scripts

TalkConsole.cs - This script will allow a staff member( Seer or above, can change in script) to send a message to the console.

Code:
[tc We have a problem, get on!Console:

Code:
Message from 'TEstPlayer': We have a problem, get on!PlayerConsoleLogin.cs - This will alert you when a new player has logged on.( Works on 1.0 and 2.0 )

Code:
Client: 127.0.0.1: Connected. [1 Online]
Login: 127.0.0.1: Valid credentials for 'retardedhobo'
Login: 127.0.0.1: Account 'retardedhobo' at character list
[COLOR="Red"]Login: 127.0.0.1: Account 'retardedhobo', Has logged in with character 'Testplayer'[/COLOR]To install either of the two scripts, just place inside the Scripts (or any folder inside Scripts) and restart the server 
Attached Files:
TalkConsole.cs
File size:525 bytesViews:243PlayerConsoleLogin.cs
File size:705 bytesViews:232